in everything today I will show you how to download
well, or how to put a voice joke
wks go online to this site
I will throw off the site below and download
that's swinging
Here we open
we go voice fun
choose any purely any voice
funny
Well, I like
just for fun
cool times then come in
computer oh what computer you go
shorter in daddy with
from strike and throw this one there
music is just a strike and these are these
2 cars as well in the current pimple and mustache and behold
this and the curd bar cafe so yes so so
so let's check we go Vx
is loading
doctor he is so long loaded reasons for
I can hang with real players.
but I just don't want bane there or
Anyone else to hear your address from
so I will show you on bots
here, in short, two buttons give here if
probably just click here goes well
you can for the same
Well you need to squeeze it all went here it is
you just press in you can let go
he will say have
Well, it went well, okay, I was with you
put likes subscribe to new
video
in the next video I will show you how
download kb on the knife of this well ben hit
kb shorter